com/example/cwacollections/filters/FilterItems.java
 com.example.cwacollections.filters.FilterItems
com/example/cwacollections/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.cwacollections.BuildConfig
com/example/cwacollections/MyApp.java
 com.example.cwacollections.MyApp
com/example/cwacollections/filters/FilterCollections.java
 com.example.cwacollections.filters.FilterCollections
com/example/cwacollections/Constants.java
 com.example.cwacollections.Constants
com/example/cwacollections/adapters/AdapterCollection.java
 com.example.cwacollections.adapters.AdapterCollection
 com.example.cwacollections.adapters.AdapterCollection$1
 com.example.cwacollections.adapters.AdapterCollection$2
 com.example.cwacollections.adapters.AdapterCollection$2$1
 com.example.cwacollections.adapters.AdapterCollection$2$2
 com.example.cwacollections.adapters.AdapterCollection$3
 com.example.cwacollections.adapters.AdapterCollection$4
 com.example.cwacollections.adapters.AdapterCollection$HolderCollection
com/example/cwacollections/collection.java
 com.example.cwacollections.collection
com/example/cwacollections/models/ModelItem.java
 com.example.cwacollections.models.ModelItem
com/example/cwacollections/models/ModelCollection.java
 com.example.cwacollections.models.ModelCollection
com/example/cwacollections/databinding/ActivityMemoryGameBinding.java
 com.example.cwacollections.databinding.ActivityMemoryGameBinding
com/example/cwacollections/collectionAdder.java
 com.example.cwacollections.collectionAdder
 com.example.cwacollections.collectionAdder$1
 com.example.cwacollections.collectionAdder$2
 com.example.cwacollections.collectionAdder$3
 com.example.cwacollections.collectionAdder$4
com/example/cwacollections/databinding/ActivityManageCollectionsBinding.java
 com.example.cwacollections.databinding.ActivityManageCollectionsBinding
com/example/cwacollections/registration.java
 com.example.cwacollections.registration
 com.example.cwacollections.registration$1
 com.example.cwacollections.registration$2
 com.example.cwacollections.registration$2$1
 com.example.cwacollections.registration$2$2
 com.example.cwacollections.registration$3
 com.example.cwacollections.registration$4
com/example/cwacollections/Login.java
 com.example.cwacollections.Login
com/example/cwacollections/databinding/ActionBinding.java
 com.example.cwacollections.databinding.ActionBinding
com/example/cwacollections/databinding/ActivityUserInfoBinding.java
 com.example.cwacollections.databinding.ActivityUserInfoBinding
com/example/cwacollections/userInfo.java
 com.example.cwacollections.userInfo
 com.example.cwacollections.userInfo$1
 com.example.cwacollections.userInfo$1$1
 com.example.cwacollections.userInfo$1$2
 com.example.cwacollections.userInfo$2
 com.example.cwacollections.userInfo$2$1
 com.example.cwacollections.userInfo$2$2
com/example/cwacollections/collectionItems.java
 com.example.cwacollections.collectionItems
 com.example.cwacollections.collectionItems$1
 com.example.cwacollections.collectionItems$2
 com.example.cwacollections.collectionItems$2$1
com/example/cwacollections/databinding/ToolbarBinding.java
 com.example.cwacollections.databinding.ToolbarBinding
com/example/cwacollections/databinding/ActivityItemDescriptionBinding.java
 com.example.cwacollections.databinding.ActivityItemDescriptionBinding
com/example/cwacollections/databinding/NavigationHeaderBinding.java
 com.example.cwacollections.databinding.NavigationHeaderBinding
com/example/cwacollections/manageCollections.java
 com.example.cwacollections.manageCollections
com/example/cwacollections/memoryGame.java
 com.example.cwacollections.memoryGame
 com.example.cwacollections.memoryGame$1
 com.example.cwacollections.memoryGame$2
com/example/cwacollections/databinding/ActivityCollectionAdderBinding.java
 com.example.cwacollections.databinding.ActivityCollectionAdderBinding
com/example/cwacollections/databinding/RowCollectionBinding.java
 com.example.cwacollections.databinding.RowCollectionBinding
com/example/cwacollections/databinding/RowItemBinding.java
 com.example.cwacollections.databinding.RowItemBinding
com/example/cwacollections/databinding/ActivityLoginOrRegisterBinding.java
 com.example.cwacollections.databinding.ActivityLoginOrRegisterBinding
com/example/cwacollections/databinding/ActivityCollectionEditorBinding.java
 com.example.cwacollections.databinding.ActivityCollectionEditorBinding
com/example/cwacollections/databinding/ActivityCollectionItemsBinding.java
 com.example.cwacollections.databinding.ActivityCollectionItemsBinding
com/example/cwacollections/databinding/ActivityForgotPasswordBinding.java
 com.example.cwacollections.databinding.ActivityForgotPasswordBinding
com/example/cwacollections/itemAdder.java
 com.example.cwacollections.itemAdder
 com.example.cwacollections.itemAdder$1
 com.example.cwacollections.itemAdder$10
 com.example.cwacollections.itemAdder$11
 com.example.cwacollections.itemAdder$2
 com.example.cwacollections.itemAdder$3
 com.example.cwacollections.itemAdder$4
 com.example.cwacollections.itemAdder$5
 com.example.cwacollections.itemAdder$6
 com.example.cwacollections.itemAdder$7
 com.example.cwacollections.itemAdder$8
 com.example.cwacollections.itemAdder$9
com/example/cwacollections/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.cwacollections.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/cwacollections/ItemDescription.java
 com.example.cwacollections.ItemDescription
com/example/cwacollections/databinding/ActivityItemEditorBinding.java
 com.example.cwacollections.databinding.ActivityItemEditorBinding
com/example/cwacollections/LoginOrRegister.java
 com.example.cwacollections.LoginOrRegister
com/example/cwacollections/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.cwacollections.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/cwacollections/databinding/ActivityHomeBinding.java
 com.example.cwacollections.databinding.ActivityHomeBinding
com/example/cwacollections/forgotPassword.java
 com.example.cwacollections.forgotPassword
 com.example.cwacollections.forgotPassword$1
com/example/cwacollections/databinding/ActivityItemAdderBinding.java
 com.example.cwacollections.databinding.ActivityItemAdderBinding
com/example/cwacollections/databinding/ActivityRegistrationBinding.java
 com.example.cwacollections.databinding.ActivityRegistrationBinding
com/example/cwacollections/adapters/AdapterItem.java
 com.example.cwacollections.adapters.AdapterItem
 com.example.cwacollections.adapters.AdapterItem$1
 com.example.cwacollections.adapters.AdapterItem$2
 com.example.cwacollections.adapters.AdapterItem$3
 com.example.cwacollections.adapters.AdapterItem$3$1
 com.example.cwacollections.adapters.AdapterItem$3$2
 com.example.cwacollections.adapters.AdapterItem$4
 com.example.cwacollections.adapters.AdapterItem$5
 com.example.cwacollections.adapters.AdapterItem$5$1
 com.example.cwacollections.adapters.AdapterItem$5$2
 com.example.cwacollections.adapters.AdapterItem$HolderItem
com/example/cwacollections/home.java
 com.example.cwacollections.home
 com.example.cwacollections.home$1
 com.example.cwacollections.home$2
com/example/cwacollections/collectionEditor.java
 com.example.cwacollections.collectionEditor
 com.example.cwacollections.collectionEditor$1
 com.example.cwacollections.collectionEditor$2
 com.example.cwacollections.collectionEditor$3
 com.example.cwacollections.collectionEditor$4
 com.example.cwacollections.collectionEditor$5
com/example/cwacollections/itemEditor.java
 com.example.cwacollections.itemEditor
 com.example.cwacollections.itemEditor$1
 com.example.cwacollections.itemEditor$10
 com.example.cwacollections.itemEditor$11
 com.example.cwacollections.itemEditor$2
 com.example.cwacollections.itemEditor$2$1
 com.example.cwacollections.itemEditor$3
 com.example.cwacollections.itemEditor$4
 com.example.cwacollections.itemEditor$5
 com.example.cwacollections.itemEditor$6
 com.example.cwacollections.itemEditor$7
 com.example.cwacollections.itemEditor$8
 com.example.cwacollections.itemEditor$8$1
 com.example.cwacollections.itemEditor$8$2
 com.example.cwacollections.itemEditor$9
com/example/cwacollections/MainActivity.java
 com.example.cwacollections.MainActivity
 com.example.cwacollections.MainActivity$1
 com.example.cwacollections.MainActivity$2
 com.example.cwacollections.MainActivity$3
 com.example.cwacollections.MainActivity$3$1
 com.example.cwacollections.MainActivity$4
